Earth Trekkers is an Indian Tour and Travel website which recommends the destinations based on user’s preferences.
Earth Trekkers provide various type of tour packages which can help to make your trip exciting and wonderful.
It also gives an optimal sequence of visits (rating wise). This will help the tourist’s to visit more spots in the same amount of time, therefore it is beneficial to both the tourist and the authorities. This will also enable the user in finding what they are looking for, easily without spending time and effort. 
 
Human beings are fond of traveling. They love exploring new places for recreation or as a passion. One gets multiple and easy options to travel all over the world with improved travel options. Also, the rise of the internet has helped people explore new options and come across places that they may not have heard of. The Internet provides a tremendous amount of information, in such a situation extracting relevant and required information is of utmost importance and equally challenging. There are lots of online sources like Trip-Adviser, Expedia, and triplynr based on collaborative filtering (CF) recommendations. The similarity is used as a weight to predict the ratings of target items for target users; therefore, the similarity measure is crucial for the recommender systems' recommendation accuracy. Several similarity measures are commonly used in CF, including the cosine (COS), Pearson’s correlation (COR), and Spearman’s rank correlation (SRC) measures.

Every day, many people visit well-known touristic locations around the world. However, many unknown places deserve to be visited but people don’t know about their existence, due to the lack of public information. Many points of interest may be located within a range of dozens of kilometers from our homes, but usually we prefer to travel hundreds or even thousands of kilometers to visit some other well-known locations. Recently, with the proliferation of smartphones and social networks, people got closer. Usually, people carry out a mobile device, being able to gather information about their surroundings, which is used by the so-called tourist guide applications to suggest touristic attractions, based on context factors such as location, weather conditions, and available time.



